hi so I'm doing a blocking like kitchen
tonight because I'm on my way out and I
just need to make some something that
first one my family and I'm making the
most delicious dinner yes you know I
don't know what school in English I'm
not gonna tell you anyway
it's like really hot today just bananas
shopping yeah I got the glasses
yay I've been baking buddies for a few
months now I finally found them and it's
like so anyway I was like shopping on a
message on my iPhone and it was because
on net fighters I mean I was asked by
the old famous member of Scandinavian
sing your pants if I could be their new
Thursday which is like really big
because this is a bit cold up it's like
really awesome to come like five awesome
girls just not as famous but really
awesome and I'm gonna do it
thank you for that that's gonna be
awesome
so every was dated from next we go off
you're gonna watch me on scanning aliens
in your parents yeah you have to watch
me on begging you please we need some
viewers yeah and I don't really have
much to say right now because I said I'm
going to a party right now with my best
mate and I don't have much time but I'm
telling you this soon there'll be a new
video block from me where I give some
boys and advice because lately I've been
noticing that when boys write to me or
something they tend to do it like
approach me wrong
box me a lot so I'm gonna do some sort
of guide for guys so look forward to
that
my mate self you know it's going to be
really good and my armoire that's
boiling so I have to go by